Minor fixes in Control plane lite (#917)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/load-js-sdk.mdx

## Loading SDK for self-hosted control plane

> If you are self-hosting the control plane using the <Link to="/get-started/rudderstack-open-source/control-plane-lite/#using-rudderstack-sdks">Control Plane Lite</Link> utility, the `load` call should be made as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are self-hosting the control plane using the <Link to="/get-started/rudderstack-open-source/control-plane-lite/#using-sdk-sources-set-up-in-self-hosted-control-plane">Control Plane Lite</Link> utility, the `load` call should be made as below:
```
